Airgap install (#1657)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/enterprise-version/install-palette/airgap/airgap.md

---
sidebar_label: "Airgap"
title: "Airgap"

> description: "Learn how to install Palette on VMware."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about Palette in an airgap environment and how to install Palette in an airgap environment."
```
